docs(elastic-metal): commitment fee payback (#1094)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/elastic-metal/how-to/shutdown-server.mdx

<Navigation title="See Also">
  <PreviousButton to="/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/reinstall-server/">How to reinstall a server</PreviousButton>

>   <NextButton to="/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/use-commitment-fee-payback/">How to use the commitment fee payback</NextButton>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <NextButton to="/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/use-commitment-fee-payback/">How to use the commitment fee payback feature</NextButton>
```

>   <NextButton to="/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/use-commitment-fee-payback/">How to use the commitment fee payback</NextButton>

Author: ```suggestion
  <NextButton to="/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/use-commitment-fee-payback/">How to get a commitment fee payback credit</NextButton>
```
